# Dataset-of-Multispectral-Plants-Images
This github repo has been created to store files related to the Agricultural Vision Segmentation Challenge. The dataset contains 101 aerial images .Each image contains color channels which are RGB and Near Infra-Red.this the link of the dataset https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1kvL87iV5kXDoskaH_kMDPjcf4PA8y33a

Pattern recognition from aerial agricultural images presents several challenges. This includes the variations of patterns you are looking to classify, the amount of annotated patters and the properties of the annotation(like shape, texture or depth). This distinguishes aerial pattern recognition from object recognition and the former is a more challenged task. These challenges are not present in most of the common object datasets, and we show that they are more challenging than many other aerial image datasets.

this rep contain an example on monitoring vegetation and water using the determination of vital indices namely NDVI (Normalized Difference Vegetation Index) and NDWI (Normalized Difference Water Index).The algebric equations of the different precision farming indices are based on the different spectral bands. They allow the quantification of plants. The most well-known index of plant indices is the NDVI. The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index is based on red waves and near infrared waves.It can detect living plants. Since sufficient nitrogen is sufficient for the plant to grow, NDVI monitoring allows the canopy structure to be controlled by remote sensing. This monitoring provides indirect data on plant growth. The index varies between -1 and 1, values between 0 and -1 implying an absence of vegetation. On the other hand, values between 0 and 1 imply the existence of vegetation, values close to 1 signify the presence of a strong vegetation cover.  
